well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about everybody's favorite subject
the tolerant left at least the image of
it I got a question asked of me over
Twitter and it's a great jumping-off
point for this topic we have to adjust
some terms but it's it's a great
jumping-off point the question was why
are there so few liberal or leftists
militias okay so to adjust the terms
there there's not a lot of liberal armed
groups because most liberals are
anti-gun not all but most
the term militia has a certain
connotation and that is a paramilitary
organization this is a group that has
adopted uniforms rank they have squads
platoons companies defined areas of
operation and they're typically they
typically training conventional tactics
in fact if you're interested in this
topic
news to share just embedded with a
right-wing militia group during their
annual training and you can watch them
train and there's a lot to critique but
regardless of how you film about how
they did during their training you can't
dispute that it was conventional there's
all conventional tactics now when you
get to leftists actual leftists and when
we say leftist during this conversation
we do not mean the American Left
Democrats it's not worth talking about
we're talking about actual leftists
there are armed groups there are they
just don't style themselves as militias
they don't have rank uniforms that type
of thing
John Brown gun club and redneck revolt
are the two that are open in public and
trying to get publicity
hoping to get new members and expand now
they're the exception though because
historically in the United States being
an armed a leftist didn't go well it's
become more acceptable to be a leftist
and be armed but there was a time when I
mean that would get the eff behind
knocking on your door because of that
history armed leftist groups are very
security-conscious for the most part
that's falling away today slowly but
surely and there's a lot of growing
pains with this but they used to
exercise a lot of real tradecraft to
find out who you were and make sure that
you were who you said you were before
they let you in their little circle they
would ask the applicant for the names of
five of their friends and then they
would go to those five individuals and
ask each one of those five individuals
for the names of five more of their
friends and those were the people they
would actually try to talk to about you
because they know that that first group
of five they know they're gonna vouch
for you because well I mean you gave
them the names so they would just skip
right over them it was a unique way of
checking somebody out before the dawn of
social media now that security culture
though it still remains in a lot of ways
and as it breaks down there are people
that go the other way with it and it
actually becomes a little scary when
they start asking questions instead of
asking like who are your friends they're
like well where have you been and what
happens is because the left is security
conscious when people start asking that
question they back off immediately and
they don't want to join the group which
makes sense I guess
so the end result of all of this is that
you still have the small unnamed groups
of friends or acquaintances that go
shooting together and they may actually
train and when they do train they don't
train in conventional tactics they
trained in unconventional tactics they
train in guerrilla style guerrilla style
of operations so that that's where we're
at but the reason it appears that there
aren't many armed leftists out there is
because the left still tends to
understand that a firearm is a tool on
the right it's a status symbol so you
get those pictures with the guys with
their rifles like this on the left you
don't have that outside of like the
tanki's but it's become a status symbol
a piece of the identity on the right on
the left it's not your lifestyle it's
just something you do on the weekends
now I've seen these questions pop up
more and more and more often about
firearms and about forming armed groups
I just want to say I don't know it done
and ideas travel faster than bullets we
need to keep it we need to keep this
peaceful as much as as much as humanly
possible going violent in anything like
this that that's never a good idea now
if you're just talking about you
actually want to go shoot and go have
fun that kind of thing fine more power
to you good for you if you're doing it
for defense and you're worried about a
natural disaster or something like that
more power to you if you're looking at
this as an offensive thing you need to
rethink you need to stop and you need to
you need to seriously consider your
actions this is the idea of sparking
that kind of conflict it's never good
it's never good anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night